Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
You never should
have trusted him.
Elliot wouldn't do
this. You know it.
It seems Elliot Carter was behind
the spiking and he's gone to ground.
Take some men off
the search for Luan.
Get out and find him.
Welcome back to London.
Elliot Carter will
be taken care of.
Legalisation
of all drugs.
The PM's been
briefed on all of it.
You just need to sell it.
Mrs. Wallace. I'm
sorry for your loss.
I knew Sean.
Where is he?
I have him here.
Inside. Tied up.
Like you asked.
Kill him.
Why?
Why did you kill my family?
I just did what
I was paid to do.
They were both still
alive when I left.
He planted the coke.
There was someone else.
A woman. I think.
Get Danny. I'll come and get
you. Take you somewhere safe.
Get in quick. Come
on. or you're dead.
Where the hell are you and
what happened with Elliot?
Where is he hiding?
I don't know where Elliot is.
Faz!
I killed Faz.
And I'll be killing someone
from every single fucking gang
until Elliot is
handed over to us.
First time pulling a gun on
someone is always the hardest.
Staring down the barrel.
Holding another man's
life in your hands.
The most important thing...
Do not hesitate.
Trust me.
It's the difference
between life and death.
If you have a clean
shot... take it.
But you need to know
that once you
start on this path.
it's almost
impossible to get off.
Stand there.
If anyone comes for
you and your mother.
you need to be ready.
Especially if that
person is Elliot.
Slide your hand
against the backstrap.
That's it.
Support in the front. Good.
Okay. Take aim.
Hold your breath.
Pull the trigger.
You've made your point.
But enough is enough.
Bloodshed is not the answer.
Isn't it?
I know someone in this
city is protecting Elliot.
Let me find them.
Leave us.
Thank you.
Elliot was my mistake.
Let me fix this
It was your mistake.
But I can't let you
fix it. Not this time.
Zeek.
I was expecting
to hear from you.
Where are you?
Took Shannon's
advice. Left town.
I know you let Elliot go.
Are you still helping him?
Tell me where he is.
And you and I can make a deal.
I need to see Ed Dumani.
You won't get near him. not now.
He ordered
everyone to kill you on sight.
Asif Afridi...
He may be able to give you the
answers you're looking for.
Asif?
He works for the Dumanis.
Now. how'd you know that?
I've been working for him.
Doing what?
I'm the one who framed you.
Everyone in this city wants
me dead because of you.
He's got my son.
I've had no choice.
You have a son?
If I don't do what he
says. he's gonna kill him.
Please.
Together we can get to Asif.
I get my baby. you
get your answers.
Mmm.
Hey.
Henry. this concerns me.
I've been looking through our
list of potential suppliers.
and the one at the top
of the list is umbrellaed
by an investment firm in
Pakistan that's owned...
by Asif Afridi.
Is that right?
I am trying to
clean up this city
and this puts us in bed with
a bunch of bloody gangsters.
The only thing that makes
them gangsters is the law...
that you're about to change.
To legalise drugs.
you need suppliers.
That's not how this
is going to work.
Henry. I want a clean slate.
Where we create a
legitimate supply chain
and wipe out the
gangs completely.
I'm taking them off the list.
Where the fuck is it?
- I told ya. I don't know.
- Okay.
Yep.
Okay.
Told you somebody'd
fucking talk.
Hello. Ray.
Someone told me I could
get a gun here.
Jesus. How fucking
old have you got?
Are you and the
boys still playing?
You bet we still are.
You?
Not anymore.
Huh.
It's a shame. You were good.
And your wife. man. wow...
what a fucking voice.
Can't believe you're
still in this game.
Thought you and the boy
was planning to go legit.
I still am.
I'll believe that when I see it.
Is my discount still valid?
Shows up in here in
a fancy fucking suit.
300 quid shoes. and he
asks for a discount.
You cheeky fucking cunt.
Tell me about Zeek.
You vouched for him.
You told me I could trust
him. That meant a lot.
Yeah. well. he's a good
kid. I knew his mum.
Do you know where he is?
What's he done?
He was hired to
take someone out.
Instead. I believe
he's helping him.
Let me talk to him.
He listens to me.
Ray...
It's gone beyond that.
I need to find him.
He's young.
You know what it's
like when you're young.
Still learning the trade.
I can fix this.
I won't tell anyone. I swear.
Aah!
♪ When they love ♪
♪ That's the kind of magic
music we make with our lips ♪
I don't understand.
This isn't good.
You assured us she'll
give us what we need.
Yeah. you have my word
she'll come round.
She always does.
I hope you're right.
What about this other.
uh. little problem?
Can we rely on Dumani
to sort it out?
I've worked with Ed for years.
He won't let us down.
Elliot will be dealt
with by tomorrow.
Good.
I'll see you soon.
Thank you for
coming over. Henry.
No problem. old chum.
Sir.
Choo. choo. choo...
Shh...
Turn.
There are gunmen all
over the building.
Asif won't let you
out of here alive.
Fuck Asif. Give me my baby.
Don't do this... Please.
You are no sort of mother.
- Fuck you.
- You are a drug dealer.
A criminal.
With me. he will be safe
and he will be happy.
Don't.
Close those curtains.
You cannot give him
the love he needs.
You know you can't.
Maybe you're right.
But he is mine.
Sit down. Hands on the table.
What do you want. Elliot?
The truth.
About what?
Ed Dumani. Henry Amiel.
The spiked cocaine. Why the
fuck you're trying to frame me?
Talk.
I see.
Working together.
You know. I'm a businessman.
And I find there is always
a deal to be struck.
I'm not here to
make a fucking deal.
Okay.
But I can give you the
answers you're looking for.
I can tell you...
who killed your wife.
But she cannot walk out
of this house alive.
You know. my men will
be here any second.
Don't.
There's no way
walking out of here.
unless we do this deal.
Don't listen to him.
Just fucking shoot him.
Elliot trust me.
Don't you want to know
the truth about your wife.
- Elliot.
- Kill her.
- I'll give you everything.
- Elliot.
Elliot!
Fuck.
Fuck you.
Put the weapon down!
Get on the floor! Down!
Fuck!
Don't move.
You drive.
I'm sorry.
Give me your phone.
Mum.
Zekou.
The gates shouldn't
have been open.
Here. Take him.
You stay here.
I'll be right back.
Billy.
We've got him.
Well done.
Shh. Shh.
Aye yai yai.
Hey.
Marian.
Elliot...
They found him.
Is he dead?
Marian. is he dead?
I've called a gang meeting.
tonight. At the yard.
I want you there.
Okay.
I'm on my way.
Perfect.
You're such a good boy.
They told me you tried
to hurt yourself again.
You can't keep doing that.
Promise me.
I won't be able to
visit for a while.
No.
It's something I. um...
I need to deal with.
I'll be back as soon as I can.
What have you done?
Don't fucking move.
Mrs. Wallace.
Marian.
Is it true you got Elliot?
I need to see him.
Forgive me for the
hurt I caused you.
Please.
He killed my daughter.
Framed your son.
If tonight is about justice.
I want to be a part of it.
We've both lost people we love.
Because of him.
I need to know why.
- PM agreed.
- I knew it!
I knew you could do this.
Tom. Emily. get in here now.
Okay. so listen. um...
He wants a full timeline.
Absolutely. Of course.
We got the green light.
- Brilliant!
- Oh. amazing!
PM wants specifics on how
and when we can roll this out.
The road to
legalisation starts now.
- You have one new message.
- Let's get cracking.
I've just
seen Henry Amiel and Asif Afridi.
They're working with Ed Dumani.
The three of them. together.
I'm sure they're the
ones behind the spiking.
Just be careful. all right.
...pushing over the line with
the public and with government
are the key stuff.
Health. education...
Thank you for coming.
What are we waiting for?
He knows the consequences
of his actions.
Kill him.
No.
Not yet.
- We need answers.
- No.
You need justice.
Kill him.
Tonight I received this.
With a note informing me
that the order to
kill Sean. my son.
was sent to this phone.
And this is the
number it came from.
No matter
what happens now.
your father would
be proud of you.
You're a Wallace.
A Wallace!
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm